---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rockset_collection Resource - terraform-provider-rockset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a basic collection with no sources. Usually used for the write api.
---

# rockset_collection (Resource)

Manages a basic collection with no sources. Usually used for the write api.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for the collection. Can contain alphanumeric or dash characters.
- `workspace` (String) The name of the workspace.

### Optional

- `clustering_key` (Block List) List of clustering fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clustering_key))
- `description` (String) Text describing the collection.
- `field_mapping` (Block List, Deprecated) List of field mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_mapping))
- `field_mapping_query` (String) Ingest transformation SQL query. Requires insert_only to be set to true.

When inserting data into Rockset, you can transform the data by providing a single SQL query, 
that contains all of the desired data transformations. 
This is referred to as the collection’s ingest transformation or, historically, its field mapping query.

For more information see https://rockset.com/docs/ingest-transformation/
- `field_schemas` (Block List) List of field schemas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_schemas))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `insert_only` (Boolean) If true disallows updates and deletes, but makes indexing more efficient
- `inverted_index_group_encoding_options` (Block Set, Max: 1) Inverted index group encoding options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inverted_index_group_encoding_options))
- `retention_secs` (Number) Number of seconds after which data is purged. Based on event time.
- `wait_for_collection` (Boolean) Wait until the collection is ready.
- `wait_for_documents` (Number) Wait until the collection has documents. The default is to wait for 0 documents, which means it doesn't wait.

<a id="nestedblock--clustering_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clustering_key`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) The name of a field. Parsed as a SQL qualified name.

Optional:

- `keys` (List of String) The values for partitioning of a field.
- `type` (String) The type of partitions on a field.


<a id="nestedblock--field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_mapping`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field mapping.
- `output_field` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) List of output fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_mapping--output_field))

Optional:

- `input_fields` (Block List) List of input fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_mapping--input_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--field_mapping--output_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_mapping.output_field`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) Name of the new field created by your SQL expression.
- `on_error` (String) Specifies the behavior for when there is an error while evaluating the SQL expression defined in the sql parameter. It accepts two valid strings as input: SKIP, which skips only this output field but continues the update, or FAIL, which causes this update to fail entirely.
- `sql` (String) A string SQL expression used to define the new field being created. It may optionally take another field name as a parameter, or a param name alias specified in an input_fields field mapping.


<a id="nestedblock--field_mapping--input_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_mapping.input_fields`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) Name of the field in your input data to apply this field mapping to.
- `if_missing` (String) Specifies the behavior for when the field evaluates to either NULL or UNDEFINED. It accepts two valid strings as input: SKIP, which skips the update for this document entirely, or PASS, which will simply set this field to NULL.
- `is_drop` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to drop this field completely from the document as it is being inserted.
- `param` (String) Name alias for this field which can be referred to in a SQL expression in the output_field attribute.



<a id="nestedblock--field_schemas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_schemas`

Required:

- `column_index_mode` (String) Whether to have store or no_store.
- `field_name` (String) The name of a field. Parsed as a SQL qualified name.
- `index_mode` (String) Whether to have index or no_index.
- `range_index_mode` (String) Whether to have v1_index or no_index.
- `type_index_mode` (String) Whether to have index or no_index.


<a id="nestedblock--inverted_index_group_encoding_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inverted_index_group_encoding_options`

Required:

- `doc_id_codec` (String) Doc id codec.
- `event_time_codec` (String) Event time codec.
- `group_size` (Number) Group size.
- `restart_length` (Number) Restart length.


