---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rockset_dynamodb_collection Resource - terraform-provider-rockset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a collection with an DynamoDB source attached.
---

# rockset_dynamodb_collection (Resource)

Manages a collection with an DynamoDB source attached.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for the collection. Can contain alphanumeric or dash characters.
- `workspace` (String) The name of the workspace.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Text describing the collection.
- `field_mapping_query` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecated** use ingest_transformation instead
- `ingest_transformation` (String) Ingest transformation SQL query. Turns the collection into insert_only mode.

When inserting data into Rockset, you can transform the data by providing a single SQL query, 
that contains all of the desired data transformations. 
This is referred to as the collection’s ingest transformation or, historically, its field mapping query.

For more information see https://rockset.com/docs/ingest-transformation/
- `retention_secs` (Number) Number of seconds after which data is purged. Based on event time.
- `source` (Block Set) Defines a source for this collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for_collection` (Boolean) Wait until the collection is ready.
- `wait_for_documents` (Number) Wait until the collection has documents. The default is to wait for 0 documents, which means it doesn't wait.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `integration_name` (String) The name of the Rockset DynamoDB integration.
- `table_name` (String) Name of DynamoDB table containing data.

Optional:

- `aws_region` (String) AWS region name of DynamoDB table, by default us-west-2 is used.
- `rcu` (Number) Max RCU usage for scan.
- `use_scan_api` (Boolean) Whether the initial table scan should use the DynamoDB scan API. If false, export will be performed using an S3 bucket.

Read-Only:

- `scan_end_time` (String) DynamoDB scan end time.
- `scan_records_processed` (Number) Number of records inserted using scan.
- `scan_start_time` (String) DynamoDB scan start time.
- `scan_total_records` (Number) Number of records in DynamoDB table at time of scan.
- `state` (String) State of current ingest for this table.
- `stream_last_processed_at` (String) ISO-8601 date when source was last processed.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


