---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rockset_kinesis_collection Resource - terraform-provider-rockset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a collection with an Kinesis source attached.
---

# rockset_kinesis_collection (Resource)

Manages a collection with an Kinesis source attached.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for the collection. Can contain alphanumeric or dash characters.
- `workspace` (String) The name of the workspace.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Text describing the collection.
- `ingest_transformation` (String) Ingest transformation SQL query. Turns the collection into insert_only mode.

When inserting data into Rockset, you can transform the data by providing a single SQL query, 
that contains all of the desired data transformations. 
This is referred to as the collection’s ingest transformation or, historically, its field mapping query.

For more information see https://rockset.com/docs/ingest-transformation/
- `retention_secs` (Number) Number of seconds after which data is purged. Based on event time.
- `source` (Block Set) Defines a source for this collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source))
- `storage_compression_type` (String) RocksDB storage compression type. Possible values: ZSTD, LZ4.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for_collection` (Boolean) Wait until the collection is ready.
- `wait_for_documents` (Number) Wait until the collection has documents. The default is to wait for 0 documents, which means it doesn't wait.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `format` (String) Format of the data. One of: json, mysql, postgres. dms_primary_keys list can only be set for mysql or postgres.
- `integration_name` (String) The name of the Rockset Kinesis integration.
- `stream_name` (String) Name of Kinesis stream.

Optional:

- `aws_region` (String) AWS region name for the Kinesis stream, by default us-west-2 is used
- `dms_primary_key` (List of String) Set of fields that correspond to a DMS primary key. Can only be set if format is mysql or postgres.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
