---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rockset_s3_collection Resource - terraform-provider-rockset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a collection with on or more S3 sources attached. Uses an S3 integration to access the S3 bucket. If no integration is provided, only data in public buckets are accessible.
  ```hcl
  resource rockset_workspace sample {
    name = "sample"
    description = "sample datasets"
  }
  resource rocksets3integration public {
    name = "rockset-public-collections"
    description = "Integration to access Rockset's public datasets"
    awsrolearn = "arn:aws:iam::469279130686:role/rockset-public-datasets"
  }
  resource rocksets3collection cities {
    workspace = rocksetworkspace.sample.name
    name = "cities"
    integrationname = rocksets3integration.public.name
    source = {
      bucket = "rockset-public-datasets"
      prefix = "partial-cities"
      format = "json"
    }
  }
  ```
---

# rockset_s3_collection (Resource)

Manages a collection with on or more S3 sources attached. Uses an S3 integration to access the S3 bucket. If no integration is provided, only data in public buckets are accessible.

```hcl
resource rockset_workspace sample {
  name = "sample"
  description = "sample datasets"
}

resource rockset_s3_integration public {
  name = "rockset-public-collections"
  description = "Integration to access Rockset's public datasets"
  aws_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::469279130686:role/rockset-public-datasets"
}

resource rockset_s3_collection cities {
  workspace = rockset_workspace.sample.name
  name = "cities"
  integration_name = rockset_s3_integration.public.name
  source = {
    bucket = "rockset-public-datasets"
    prefix = "partial-cities"
    format = "json"
  }
}


```

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource rockset_workspace sample {
  name = "sample"
  description = "sample datasets"
}

resource rockset_s3_integration public {
  name = "rockset-public-collections"
  description = "Integration to access Rockset's public datasets"
  aws_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::469279130686:role/rockset-public-datasets"
}

resource rockset_s3_collection cities {
  workspace = rockset_workspace.sample.name
  name = "cities"
  integration_name = rockset_s3_integration.public.name
  source = {
    bucket = "rockset-public-datasets"
    prefix = "partial-cities"
    format = "json"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique identifier for the collection. Can contain alphanumeric or dash characters.
- `workspace` (String) The name of the workspace.

### Optional

- `clustering_key` (Block List) List of clustering fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clustering_key))
- `description` (String) Text describing the collection.
- `field_mapping` (Block List, Deprecated) List of field mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_mapping))
- `field_mapping_query` (String) Field mapping SQL query.
- `field_schemas` (Block List) List of field schemas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_schemas))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `insert_only` (Boolean) If true disallows updates and deletes, but makes indexing more efficient
- `inverted_index_group_encoding_options` (Block Set, Max: 1) Inverted index group encoding options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inverted_index_group_encoding_options))
- `retention_secs` (Number) Number of seconds after which data is purged. Based on event time.
- `source` (Block Set) Defines a source for this collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source))

<a id="nestedblock--clustering_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clustering_key`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) The name of a field. Parsed as a SQL qualified name.

Optional:

- `keys` (List of String) The values for partitioning of a field.
- `type` (String) The type of partitions on a field.


<a id="nestedblock--field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_mapping`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field mapping.
- `output_field` (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) List of output fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_mapping--output_field))

Optional:

- `input_fields` (Block List) List of input fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--field_mapping--input_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--field_mapping--output_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_mapping.output_field`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) Name of the new field created by your SQL expression.
- `on_error` (String) Specifies the behavior for when there is an error while evaluating the SQL expression defined in the sql parameter. It accepts two valid strings as input: SKIP, which skips only this output field but continues the update, or FAIL, which causes this update to fail entirely.
- `sql` (String) A string SQL expression used to define the new field being created. It may optionally take another field name as a parameter, or a param name alias specified in an input_fields field mapping.


<a id="nestedblock--field_mapping--input_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_mapping.input_fields`

Required:

- `field_name` (String) Name of the field in your input data to apply this field mapping to.
- `if_missing` (String) Specifies the behavior for when the field evaluates to either NULL or UNDEFINED. It accepts two valid strings as input: SKIP, which skips the update for this document entirely, or PASS, which will simply set this field to NULL.
- `is_drop` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to drop this field completely from the document as it is being inserted.
- `param` (String) Name alias for this field which can be referred to in a SQL expression in the output_field attribute.



<a id="nestedblock--field_schemas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_schemas`

Required:

- `column_index_mode` (String) Whether to have store or no_store.
- `field_name` (String) The name of a field. Parsed as a SQL qualified name.
- `index_mode` (String) Whether to have index or no_index.
- `range_index_mode` (String) Whether to have v1_index or no_index.
- `type_index_mode` (String) Whether to have index or no_index.


<a id="nestedblock--inverted_index_group_encoding_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inverted_index_group_encoding_options`

Required:

- `doc_id_codec` (String) Doc id codec.
- `event_time_codec` (String) Event time codec.
- `group_size` (Number) Group size.
- `restart_length` (Number) Restart length.


<a id="nestedblock--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) S3 bucket containing the target data.
- `format` (String) Format of the data. One of: json, csv, xml. xml and csv blocks can only be set for their respective formats.
- `integration_name` (String) The name of the Rockset S3 integration. If no S3 integration is provided only data in public S3 buckets are accessible.

Optional:

- `csv` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source--csv))
- `field_mapping_query` (String) Field mapping SQL query.
- `pattern` (String) Regex path pattern to S3 keys.
- `prefix` (String, Deprecated) Simple path prefix to S3 keys.
- `xml` (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--source--xml))

<a id="nestedblock--source--csv"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.csv`

Optional:

- `column_names` (List of String) The names of the columns.
- `column_types` (List of String) The types of the columns.
- `encoding` (String) Can be one of: UTF-8, ISO_8859_1, UTF-16.
- `escape_char` (String) Escape character removes any special meaning from the character that follows it . Defaults to backslash.
- `first_line_as_column_names` (Boolean) If the first line in every object specifies the column names.
- `quote_char` (String) Character within which a cell value is enclosed. Defaults to double quote.
- `separator` (String) A single character that is the column separator.


<a id="nestedblock--source--xml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source.xml`

Optional:

- `attribute_prefix` (String) Tag to differentiate between attributes and elements.
- `doc_tag` (String) Tags with which documents are identified
- `encoding` (String) Encoding in which data source is encoded.
- `root_tag` (String) Tag until which xml is ignored.
- `value_tag` (String) Tag used for the value when there are attributes in the element having no child.


