---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rockset_virtual_instance Resource - terraform-provider-rockset"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Rockset Virtual Instance. To be able to create a new Virtual Instance,
  The main virtual instance must use a dedicated instance to create a secondary virtual instance,
  which must be SMALL or larger. To enable live mount, the secondary virtual instance must be MEDIUM or larger.
---

# rockset_virtual_instance (Resource)

Manages a Rockset Virtual Instance. To be able to create a new Virtual Instance,
The main virtual instance must use a dedicated instance to create a secondary virtual instance, 
which must be SMALL or larger. To enable live mount, the secondary virtual instance must be MEDIUM or larger.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rockset_virtual_instance" "query" {
  name = "query"
  description = "vi for executing query lambdas"
  size = "MEDIUM"
  remount_on_resume = true
}

resource "rockset_collection_mount" "patch" {
  virtual_instance_id = rockset_virtual_instance.query.id
  path = "commons.data"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the virtual instance.
- `size` (String) Requested virtual instance size. Note that this field is called type in the API documentation.

### Optional

- `auto_suspend_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds without queries after which the Virtual Instance is suspended.
- `description` (String) Description of the virtual instance.
- `remount_on_resume` (Boolean) When a Virtual Instance is resumed, remount all collections that were mounted when the Virtual Instance was suspended.

### Read-Only

- `current_size` (String) Current size of the virtual instance.
- `default` (Boolean) Is this Virtual Instance the default.
- `desired_size` (String) Desired size of the virtual instance.
- `id` (String) Unique ID of this Virtual Instance.
- `monitoring_enabled` (Boolean) Is monitoring enabled for this Virtual Instance.
- `rrn` (String) RRN of this Virtual Instance.
- `state` (String) Virtual Instance state.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import rockset_virtual_instance.query 29e4a43c-fff4-4fe6-80e3-1ee57bc22e82
```
